from the beginning I sat in the meeting
with Jeremy and Caleb and the whole team
and we pitched comment section and we we
had produced a pilot and the marketing
team and the social media team was
developing it they brought me in I could
have been fired at any moment if they
had not green lipped the show my job
would have been a I had nothing else to
do not my show would have been asked I
would have been next sat in this meeting
with Jeremy we played the pilot and he
got through it we watched all three you
know looking back on it it's terrible
terrible pilot but he looked over me he
was silent in his normal Jeremy way
contemplating things and looked at me
and he said I don't understand this show
but I know other people
[Music]
will hello everybody I'm talking today
to Brett Cooper uh YouTube phenomenon
but but uh in the prepared manner that
many people who are explosively
successful uh are prepared Brett started
acting when she was very young she was
very dedicated to her pursuit of her
artistic career she was aided in that by
the efforts of her mother and so she had
that working for her but by the time she
was 10 she had a pretty decent CV on the
acting side behind her she spent spent a
fair bit of time in Hollywood um
expanding her abilities protected from
whatever toxicity that environment might
offer by the aforementioned commitment
of her mother um and then she got a
stellar opportunity but also had set
that up with daily wire she had worked
with Dennis Prager and some other
conservative organizations making short
form um social media content and
learning how to do that and that's a
real skill in and of itself
and got the opportunity to expand that
into something of longer form with daily
wire was hesitant and Afraid about that
felt at 19 because that's when the offer
came in that perhaps that was beyond her
but took the plunge and
has produced um out of whole cloth a
spectacularly successful YouTube channel
and with about 4 and a half million
subscribers that's been built up in the
short span of a couple of years and also
has a plethora of exciting acting
opportunities arrayed in front of her as
a consequence of her partnership with
the daily wire and so join us for all
that so you've made a Big Splash in
recent years that's what I've been told
yeah yeah why why do you think that
is what are you doing that's
working I think I'm filling a
niche that I myself want wanted MH and
that I was lacking um growing up I
didn't have influences
online that I felt like spoke to me that
shared my values like a a
common young person with more
Traditional Values I did not see that
especially growing up in Hollywood that
was I was not thred by that
whatsoever and so when we created the
common section when I came to daily
wire I wanted to reach young people in
general but I specifically wanted to
talk to young women yeah is that
fundamentally your audience no it's
growing it's becoming more female
oriented but it's always been more male
dominant I think that's just because
more young men are on YouTube well
that's that's a big thing to fight
against so to speak and I think the last
time I looked which is a couple of years
ago like YouTube was 80% male dominated
so it's hard to not have a majority male
audience but my female audience
continues to grow and when I meet fans
in public when any of my audience comes
up to me obviously I'm thrilled to meet
all of them and they're always such kind
and interesting people and they always
you know share interesting stories but
the people that speak to me the most are
the young women where I see myself they
telling you um they thank me
for sharing their values on such a
public
platform
they thank me for showing that it does
not have to be scary to
espouse common sense and Traditional
Values they say you feel like a big
sister that I never had or like a little
sister or you give me hope for my
daughters um and it's it's incredibly
touching I was just talking about it
while I was getting my makeup done but I
am incredibly blessed and Incredibly
grateful to have been given the platform
right that I have yeah great right I'm
honored
so when you grew up in Hollywood let's
talk about that a little bit I
understand that you were emancipated at
the age of 15 pursue acting okay so
let's start with that I don't think we
have to go any earlier than
that now did you was that the point at
which you moved to Hollywood no I moved
to holw tell me story I moved to holw
when I was 10 when you were 10 start
from where from Chattanooga Tennessee oh
yeah MH okay then I guess you have to
you have to start I have to go back a
little earlier well I would say so how
was it that you and I presume your
family decided that it was a good idea
to move from Chattanooga Tennessee to
Hollywood like what what was behind that
um the short of it and I'll get into the
long of it but the short of it was me
it's
I felt like I needed to perform like I
needed to breathe I loved telling
stories I loved being on stage and and
you had been on stage in Tennessee yes
in a community theater so I my the first
production that I ever did and I started
in theater Love musical theater was
being a munchkin in my brother's High
School production of the whz and they
needed a couple of like younger siblings
to get up on stage do a little munchkin
dance and be in this High School
production one of my mom's friends whose
children also went to this private
school said you know Brett's six five
would she like to come and be in this I
was terrified uh I was deathly shy my
one of my brothers had passed away the
year prior and it had absolutely wrecked
my family just absolutely cracked this
open and I was reeling from that my
family Dynamic was completely different
and I just shut down and did not want to
get on stage had no interest in doing it
I remember we were doing construction on
our house in Chattanooga and I would
hide in like a credential like that and
I would get in cabinets and hide I was
just like I don't want to be seen don't
want to be heard and my mom was noticing
that and was making a conscious effort
to push me go in and speak to somebody
in a gas station by yourself here's $5
go bu a candy bar um and so when I was
just absolutely I don't want to get on
stage I don't want to do this she was
like well no I think that this is
something that you should do if you're
afraid of it and I got on
stage and have like never felt that way
and she said that me being on stage I
just came alive and that's how I felt
even at six years old that was at six
that was at six okay and so what did you
what performances did you undertake
after that how that I did I did multiple
at that high school then I started doing
community theater production
and then I was begging my mom to do more
I was like let me find other things can
I do a community theater production here
she was originally from Atlanta and
Atlanta was two hours away could I go do
Annie Annie is being you know produced
in Georgia can I can we drive out there
and I'll audition because I really want
to play you know the Little Orphan Molly
and Annie um the Atlanta Symphony and
Opera I was a I started doing like
singing lessons they were doing laboom
and had a children's choir please let me
go audition for this and so my mom would
put me in the car and we would drive 2
hours and she would sit outside while I
would be in rehearsals and dance classes
and I just came alive and there was
nothing that I loved more what did you
why did you like performing what did it
do for you it gave
me it gave me an outlet to express
things I didn't feel comfortable
expressing at
all what kind of
things I think it was it was less of a
specific emotion and it was more of I
was just able to be
completely openly me I was able to put
myself in other people's shoes it's like
that attacus fish quote where you know
you get to put on somebody else your
shoes and walk a while not walk a mile
on the what he says and feel a mocking
bird um it gave me the opportunity to do
that to
um put myself in character circumstances
that were completely unlike my own it
was an escape in a lot of ways well it's
play it is you know what I mean kids
like love to play and even though we
don't really like let them anymore
that's why they I think that's why they
play so intensely when they go off to
University I'm sure and switch roles and
transform identities sure yeah I think
in most of it's repressed play not most
of it much of it is repressed play yeah
well it you have to play a lot of roles
before you find your part yeah right and
that's what kids are doing that's what
they should be doing between the ages of
about two and a half and
like
well that really intense play period
lasts probably till around 10 but then
there are variants of it in adolescence
as well as people find their way and
find their role and what you were doing
was a very structured yes uh variant of
that and I think I needed that because
so much of it was suppressed at home I
was I think I was constantly trying to
make myself as small as possible to not
rock the boat my entire life have
because of because of things because of
how upset things had become yes and in
the aftermath particular my brother's
death um my parents their relationship
was not great from the beginning and
they stayed together for me my brothers
are all older than me and so that the
death in the family just broke that open
even more and so I and I knew from a
very young age was very self-aware I
knew that they were staying together for
me was very uncomfortable and I
just wanted to cause as few problems as
possible and ironically that turned into
then me traveling around the country
doing theater cling problem logistical
problems right right well those are
those are you know th those are better
problems than pointless and horrible
problems yeah they were fun problems
they were adventurous okay so you acred
quite a lot of experience by the time
you were 10 yes all right and then so
your family up and moved to my mom and I
did your mom your mom and you did my
parents relationship ship I would say
was already on the fritz like I said and
I had been working in New York a little
bit while I was N9 or 10 and and
actually don't know if I've ever told
this story on a podcast before but I
desperately wanted to play Jane Banks
and Mary Poppins and it was a musical
that was on Broadway in the early 2000s
desperately and the show had been
running for a couple of years and I
would sit on my mom's big desktop
computer and I would avidly watch
YouTube videos of all the girls who were
playing Jane Banks this you know
12-year-old character and I learned who
their managers were and who their agents
were and there was one guy and he
managed four of the different girls who
had played Jane Banks over the course of
three years I wrote him a letter a
handwritten letter and I said my name is
Brett Cooper I love performing these are
all the things I've done I'm attaching
my resume my biggest dream is to play
Jane Banks and then I painted a photo of
me as Jane banks on Bradway and I mailed
it to him and then I got an email back
somehow and brought me out to New York
and I audition there and so then I
started working more in the big leaks I
would say and so I started auditioning
for Broadway shows doing workshops of
Broadway shows and how old were you then
nine nine okay okay so this this is
still prior Tove yes prior to so this is
in New York so you did all that research
when you were what eight yeah eight and
nine and I it was completely
self-directed and I hit my growth spurt
very young and on Broadway if you are
under the age of 18 and you're playing a
Children's role if you're playing a
12-year-old an 8-year-old a 15-year-old
they want you under a certain height
limit so the people in the back of the
house can distinguish an adult from a
child on stage and so I think for Jane
Banks the specific role and for most of
the young roles at that time it was 411
and I had audition for Jane Banks time
and time again the national tour the
Broadway show somebody's you know a girl
is being replaced because you know you
have like a six-month contract and
finally got to one where it seemed like
it was going to happen I was pinned and
they said come back in two months it's
going to be you and a few other girls
over that two months I hit the biggest
Growth Spurt of my life came back and I
was way too tall and I remember sitting
up there and they they literally measure
you before you can go in an audition and
I was like let me shrink myself as much
as possible hard yeah and they said no
we're not going to hire you not because
of my talent or anything like that but
you are just too tall so me you cannot
see sizeism I would say definitely you
you were a VI I was a victim ofm
at 9 years old that's right yeah um it
it was heartbreaking it was crushing at
9 years old and one of my best friends
at the time got the role of Michael
Banks so he played he was playing Jane
Banks's brother and it was crushing
because I saw him you know traveling
around the country on the national
tour and my management team I ended up
signing with the guy who had represented
all of those actresses was with him for
10 plus years adore him um he said you
basically can wait until you turn 18 and
then you can play adult roles or you can
go to Los Angeles and you can do fil at
TV my mom said absolutely not she was
originally born in California my
brothers were all born in California she
said I'm not going back that industry
specifically film and television is
disgusting I don't want my child in it
and I just begged begged like this is
all I want to do um and I was
homeschooled at the time already just
for academic reasons and I basically
just laid it out for her and I said we
have the flexibility you don't even want
to be in Tennessee you don't really want
to be in this marriage basically and I I
like this is all I want to do and so she
said let's go and try it and so we went
there for three months and she said
we'll see if you like it and I loved it
and things started taking off signed
with an agent out there and then we
would do three months on and then three
months off with my father and he would
drive across the country with us and you
know get us to the apartment and then
I'd stay there for three months and then
go home and then I think at 14 was when
we permanently moved out there and then
ipated we meaning you and and other
again yeah and so what were you doing in
Hollywood between 10 and 14 auditioning
and doing small roles on different TV
shows and short films and training
that's that's the biggest part of being
an actor is that you are in acting
classes four times a week you are doing
singing lessons you are dancing you're
building your skill set I remember you
know I had to do a I was on a TV show
and I had to learn how to fence so
you're in you know fencing classes and
um and in addition to that I think this
is important I had a lot of things
outside of acting that I think kept me
more well-rounded so that my identity
did not completely get wrapped up in
this industry that is very vapid and it
is very based on vanity and selfishness
and fame and I was you know a horseback
rider and I was a ballet dancer for 15
years I did gymnastics I played tennis I
was very very involved in school I went
to an online private school incredibly
incredibly academic and my I would say
my identity was honestly more wrapped up
in my education at that point in my life
that it wasn't acting and acting was
just something that I got to do and was
your mother facilitating all of this was
she helping you out yeah right so you
enjoyed your time in Los Angeles between
10 and 14 I loved
it there's been a lot of rumors about
child actors in Hollywood recently what
do you make of all that a lot it's all
true so what ha what did you escape
unscathed I did I I would I I saw a lot
of it what did you see
um for example I worked on a children's
TV show on a major
Network
and one of the writers after we wrapped
on the show after the show was
canceled had incredibly inappropriate
relationships with young women like me
who were on the show young women in my
how young 14 okay and to my
knowledge this was not sexual
um but it was objectively grooming it
was inappropriate relationships between
an adult and minors because Hollywood
goes ahead and it blurs the lines
between what is appropriate between
adults and children because you're
working with adults constantly my entire
life I spent my entire childhood I spent
more time with adults than I did with
children my management team they were
all adults obviously agents managers
directors casting directors producers
wardrobes assistant you're surrounded by
adults constantly writers in this case
and and those lines get really blurred
so if a a writer on a TV show that you
worked on invites you and one of your
co-stars out to lunch to talk about
another TV show that he's working on
your parents go oh okay yeah well you've
worked with him for two years at this
point let's take you to lunch MH and
then you're sitting here with this girl
who's a year older than you and he
starts talking about the lesbian
fantasies that he has about you and your
friend like that's nothing nothing
happened but that's the fact that he
thought that that was appropriate the
fact that he well that's a testing
Behavior yeah and then the fact that
later we're walking around the
restaurant and he puts his hand in my
friend's back pocket who's 15 years old
and I was just you know I'd get me out
of here completely inappropriate
she was how many of the young people in
Hollywood are sold into that so to speak
by their parents now you you
characterized your mother as someone who
was loath to take you yeah on the
Hollywood Adventure but there's no
shortage of
parents is it more common among mothers
probably the cluster B type mothers who
use their children to their own
Advantage come hell or high water yeah
uh JZ Jennings for example speaks to
mind right in the most brutal and
horrible possible manner right but
there's a you can see a lot of this on
social media yeah you know parents
pimping out their children transforming
them as well you know and then
proclaiming their moral virtue
in consequence of the transformation you
know my child is very very deviant but
I'm such a wonderful person yeah that I
still love them deeply right right
monior pushed them in that direction in
the first place and then you might say
so yeah and I think another example did
you read I'm glad my mom died by Janette
mccartie no I haven't read it fantastic
and that I mean that I think
is the most incredible example of what a
lot Janette MCC she's you haven't talked
to her on your podcast no I have not um
I believe she talked to Michaela michaa
okay okay um it it was just an
incredible book I remember sitting I
read it last year when it came out and I
was just I mean full just tears reading
it because these are the stories of the
people that I grew up with they're the
things that I saw but was protected
against my
mom was very wary about me being
involved in this industry and a sharp
she set firm boundaries she was always
watching she was always within ey shot
had a guardian oh yes right um and the
other thing that I think was incredibly
important that she did was again like I
said I had so many other things going on
in my life so my identity was not
wrapped up in this industry I never
connected it to money at all because my
money was put in savings accounts my
parents never touched it my mom never
touched it the state takes 15% of
whatever a young actor makes and puts it
into your cougan account so if you are
in situation where your parents are
exploiting you at least by 18 you have
some money um never touched any of that
and never wanted me to connect Hollywood
and making money because I would see she
saw people in my circle these kids they
would you know do an episode on a TV
show and then their parents would go out
and buy yeah six American Girl dolls and
they would buy a fancy new car for the
family and you know the the parents
would take a huge vacation that the kid
at 8 years old paid for right and my mom
always wanted to ensure that I stuck in
this industry because I loved it because
I couldn't live without it because I
loved telling stories and at least once
a month she would say are you sure you
want to do this because if you ever want
to stop we'll stop I don't care how much
money we've invested in your acting
classes and your dance classes if you
want to stop if you want to go home
you'll pack up and move to Tennesse what
made her so
sensible she's just a brilliant woman
she's incredible
she she's one of the most resilient
people I've ever met she has been to
Helen back a million times her first
husband passed away her child then
passed away um
my older brother in light of my
brother's passing has severe mental
illness he's permanently in a
psychiatric facility for
schizophrenia um very very hard marriage
with my father very very hard upbringing
where she was often the black sheep M
she is very comfortable being
nontraditional and doing things that
would be considered
unconventional in whatever circumstance
she's in how how did you end up with
Traditional Values then because she's
very traditional but I I realized that
as I said that I contradicted myself she
is willing to
be unconventional in the given
circumstances so in Hollywood we're so
she's daring she's daring and the
majority of people that we were
surrounded by where parents were pushing
their kids into this she was willing to
be the one that says no my kid is not
doing that my kid isn't doing this kind
of project my kid is not going out for
this project that is run by right a
producer that we know has you know a bad
track record is incredibly involved
right well so fundamentally I mean the
case you're laying out it's always
useful to look at situational
determinants of of unfortunate outcomes
let's say and you know the first thing
you said
was well there are kids working with
adults and so the lines are blurred and
okay so that sets the stage and then you
can imagine that within those
relationships there's no shortage of
people always whose ability to obtain
intimacy like in a relationship or
sexually is like stunningly
compromised right and so those people at
minimum are going to like just as a
consequence of their inability are going
to be looking for opportunity and maybe
not even that good at distinguishing an
appropriate from an inappropriate
opportunity and then there's the ones
that are really bent because they're
resentful and because they're isolated
they're actually looking for innocence
to subvert and destroy those are the
more people who tilt more in the
explicitly narcissistic and sadistic
Direction and your circumstance was such
that you had a mother who was watching
out for you and so that instead of a
mother who was complicit and exploiting
you who turned to Blind yeah now you
said you had a gr Spirit when you were
how old nine yeah so what how physically
mature were you by the time you were
14 um relatively I always looked older
for my age one so I that's another thing
that blurs the lines of course right
yeah and if you're around adults and you
learn to act like an adult you're going
to also present yourself you know in a
more mature manner yeah and if you
physically look like one I mean I yeah
yeah well that's yeah it makes it very
very
complicated however it also it just
shouldn't what did you what did you do
do think that
so often
girls bully victims in general girls who
are subject to
exploitation are not very good at subtle
signaling they don't know how to say no
they don't know when to say no they
don't know how to
broadcast no yeah like right from the
initial
interactions right
so how do you think you conducted
yourself so that cuz I know you said
your mother was protecting you but did
you conduct yourself so
that nothing got going yeah okay how
I would say just intrinsically I'm very
self-aware and have been for a long time
and I think that that
is because I had to grow up very quickly
in terms of my family I was just very
aware of everything that was going on
you also said you didn't want to cause
trouble yeah um unnecessary trouble yes
unnecessary trouble but I don't think
that means that I was not willing to
stand up for myself because in
situations that were this severe in
terms of my safety my innocence um
anyway I I think that I was very self-
aware and then it goes back to my mother
again when we moved out to Los Angeles
she knew everything all the rumors about
Hollywood the casting couch she put me
in women self-defense against sexual
assault classes when I was 10 and I did
those classes until I and that was
useful the most incredible thing I've
ever done hands down I was put in
situations I started out doing group
classes and you learn how to fight
against a male opponent that is bigger
than you because you can do Jiu-Jitsu
you can do karate I think that those
disciplines are incredible they often do
not translate to real
women women we hold our strength in
different parts of our bodies um when
you are dealing with an assault their
you know situational awareness is so
important your voice is so important
just being able to scream no yeah
um it was it was incredible and so I
mean I was put in situations in these
classes where you know a man comes up
behind you my instructor comes up behind
you holding a knife to your throat
knowing how to get out of that holding a
gun to your head you on you at least you
at least were run through situation I
was run through but I think this
situation you described in the
restaurant where this writer I think you
said was a writer slipped his hand into
the back pocket of this of your friend
you said she was a little older than you
yeah she was 16 why didn't he do the
same thing to you he tried to and I
moved away and I said that's weird don't
do that okay did she do that no okay so
so that that's the perfect example yeah
well that's exact that's exactly my
point those are the micro know that stop
things from proceeding yes right yeah
and
so and I credit a lot of that to these
classes that I did because as you said
and as you brought up again I was
unwilling to rock the boat I was a
doormat in my family and still that's
something that I'm still working through
as an adult now I'm being very very
nervous about that in my immediate
family just because of the way that I
was RA are you an agreeable person do
you like to please people I do uhhuh
right right right well you can also see
the complexity because if you're an
Entertainer and you're on the stage
you're obligated as part of your role to
be magnetically attractive charismatic
and all of that and to capitalize on
that and so Drawing the
Line
um Marilyn Monroe she said she could
walk down the street as Norma Ray Norma
jeene Norma genene Norma genene or as
Marilyn right and if she walked down the
street as normagene no one paid any
attention to her but if she walked down
the street as Marilyn Monroe then she
was magnetically attractive right and so
those are
obviously well she was a master of that
seductress role she's still iconic
because of that and it's like 70 years
later that's really quite something and
it certainly destroyed her yeah right
cuz that was too much well if you're an
actor an actress then you have this can
because you're rewarded for your
attractiveness you're capitalizing on
your attractiveness you're among adults
but you have to hem that in so that
you're not exploited yeah right well
when exactly are you being exploited and
when exactly are you exploiting yourself
it's not like that's obvious so it's a
very good thing that you had your your
mother along with you yeah of course is
too that's interesting because you were
at least placed in frightening
situations and you were at least alert
to the fact that those sorts of things
existed how do you think what you
learned in the course is translated into
changes in your day-to-day Behavior
they they addressed my doormat Behavior
they addressed my ableness because more
than any of the physical fighting that I
was doing and that was fun and it was an
energy release that made me feel
powerful emotionally I held myself
differently my confidence skyrocketed
because For the first time in my life I
was given permission to say no I was
given permission to draw a line in the
sand and I think that is what my mom
wanted more than anything I think that
obviously she wanted me to be able to
defend myself and as I got older that's
when we started doing more of the you
know date rape simulations and begun
like we weren't doing that at 10 years
old what she wanted me to learn because
she had watched me grow up and be very
very shy and refusing to get on stage um
and I think that she knew that I had
this desperate urge to perform that I
wanted to tell story she
did not
want she didn't want that mixed with my
doormat Behavior to then open the door
for exploitation so women are more
empathic compassionate agreeable than
men on average and from what you've told
me you tilt more in the agreeable
Direction and the problem with being
agreeable one of the problems with being
agreeable is that your agreeable people
feel the pain of others quite acutely
like literally so I'm an agreeable
person so if I'm watching you in pain
the same circuits that are mediating
your pain are active in me y now if I'm
not so agreeable that doesn't happen and
that makes it easier for what does that
mean well the downside is it makes it
easier for me to be selfish because I
don't give a damn about my effects on
other people but the upside is I can
tell you to go to hell when it's
necessary and I don't care what your
respones now I worked with a lot of
women in my clinical practice who were
like sequentially abused m and one of
the things I noticed about them was that
well first of all they were generally
were very badly socialized and so had no
idea where to draw those initial lines
and that's what continually got them
into trouble but they're also very
unwilling to reject and to say no and
the re that's the reason for that's
obvious like if you reject someone if
you say no to someone if you stop their
advances you're definitely going to do
something like offend them or hurt their
feelings and so and if you're an
agreeable person that's a very difficult
thing to the worst thing you could yeah
yeah exactly a disagreeable person will
say yeah yeah a disagreeable person will
just say well no and I don't care what
you think about it or feel about it like
screw off yeah right and you need that
you need that especially if you're
attractive especially if you're
charismatic or especially if people are
coming at you for a variet of
reasons there are kind of two main
reasons why people go to therapy mhm
one is to deal with negative emotion
let's say depression and anxiety the
other main category is to learn how to
stand up for themselves that's why learn
to say no uhhuh uhuh and how are you at
that now I'm much better how are you at
contractual negotiations much better
yeah how you do negotiating with daily
wire I think I did pretty well did you
do great I think I did pretty well I've
gotten better as since then um and it's
good to surround yourself with sharks as
long as they're not like gnawing on you
yeah but it's been a have you had good
agents I've had great agents that's good
that's good so you've had you have had
people other than your mother that been
on your side yeah long-term
relationships with them yeah oh yeah
that's a good deal and I think one thing
and I think we're goingon to talk about
this later but another thing is my now
husband I think has probably
been the most influential in
that starting a business can be tough
but thanks to Shopify running your
online storefront is easier than ever
Shopify is the global Commerce platform
that helps you sell at every stage of
your business from the launch your
online shop stage all the way to the did
we just hit a million orders stage
Shopify is there to help you grow our
marketing team uses Shopify every day to
sell our merchandise and we love how
easy it is to add more items ship
products and track conversions Shopify
helps you turn browsers into buyers with
the internet's best converting checkout
up to 36% better compared to other
leading e-commerce platforms no matter
how big want to grow Shopify gives you
everything you need to take control and
take your business to the next level
sign up for a $1 per month trial period
at shopify.com jbp go to shopify.com jbp
now to grow your business no matter what
stage you're in that's shopify.com
jbp um how long have you known him two
years mhm in influential in what way
in encouraging me to stand up for my
myself M um I am very agreeable and I I
think that was something that I didn't
want to be for a long time and I think
that it was important that I learned how
to control that because I think that it
can be used really beautifully and to
your advantage and I think it makes me a
very empathetic person if you started
crying I would start crying right now
great with infants yes and well that but
dead seriously like it's great with
infants and so you know that's that's
the place where agreeableness most
appropriately manifests itself and it's
partly because think about it this way M
when you have an infant especially in
the first let's say 9 months it's not
quite that long but it's certainly the
first six you have to agree with
everything right every single demand
that new creature makes you are obliged
to say yes to right and so if you're
agreeable and empathic and compassionate
responsive then that's perfect match for
that relationship problem is is that the
relationship with infants isn't the same
same as the relationship with well
certainly not with predatory adults
right those are those very
different you yeah yeah opposite and so
it takes it takes a whole different set
of Personality skills to be able to
manage both levels of relationship it
does so and that to be developed so
let's talk about let's move from from uh
Hollywood
to to the beginning of the comment
section right because is that when the
trend that's when yes yeah that's when
your life transformed yes yes yes okay
so tell us that story it was during Co
and I Hollywood shut down as the world
did I was in college I was at UCLA what
were you taking I was an English
literature major yeah how did that go at
UCLA um I feel like I English you in the
English Department that's so awful
really that's so awful I I you crawling
out of your skin I was but the the good
thing is this was a blessing and
disguise
I had so I had a much better experience
in a Twisted way because of Co because I
got to go home and because I was in
online classes I didn't you were
protected from University oh God so but
I I had a unique experience because I
emancipated myself at 15 that's when I
graduated high school started doing so
you graduated from high school at 15 yes
oh well congratulations on that thank
thank you and why did you emancipate
yourself um I think a lot of people
assumed that it was all for acting but
it was mainly family uh my parents
divorce had gotten pretty messy my and I
was being used in the middle of it um
inadvertently so um and that was not a
position that I wanted to be in and I
was making enough money to remove myself
from that situation and I think the most
important one was my um my brother's
schizophrenia had really taken off at
that point point and it became a
physically dangerous situation to be at
home and there was a lot of turmoil
there were just a lot of outbursts my
mom was splitting her time between
California and then flying back to
Tennessee to handle the divorce and the
division of my parents estate while
simultaneously coming back out to Los
Angeles my brother was homeless at the
time was using drugs um when she was
gone I would be the one to go literally
find him on the streets of California
and he would be you know passed out
drugged out of his mind and that mixed
with my parents divorce and then also I
had a career on top of that and I was
getting offers for jobs but because I
was tically under the age of 18 I had to
have a legal guardian you know within
six feet eyesight earshot and my mom
could not be there because she was
handling this she was handling too many
other things did your relationship with
your mother maintain itself across she
was and what your father struggled but
my father and I have had a very
tumultuous relationship for the majority
of my life and so that wasn't like a a
real breaking point it was just kind of
like a okay here we go so it was more I
see so you had practical reasons for
this very practical and I and it was was
a good decision it was it was the best
yeah and it was not contentious I came
to my parents and I said this makes
logical sense I have a career yeah I am
in college you graduated in college so
you were ahead of the Curve at the curve
and I'm you know sitting here in Los
Angeles and my mom basically I mean she
agreed and she said this if I leave that
means you're going to have to leave cuz
I can't leave a 15-year-old child here
in Los Angeles with a drug addict
schizophrenic brother on the street I'm
not going to do that so you'll have to
come back to chattan nuk and I said I
don't want to do that I don't want to go
back to Chattanooga I don't want to live
in the middle of your mess of your
divorce I'm not going to do that again
and I have opportunities and so we so
there's the time you said no yeah and I
said I'm going to do this since we went
to court in Chattanooga my oldest
brother helped me my parents off on it
and um you know I lived with my mom
after that like it was not like I was
ever around her but I got a job at
Trader Joe's that I would have a stable
income um in between acting jobs and I
worked there for five years and just
kept that job until I left California
best job I ever had and what did you do
at Trader Joe's just a you know a bad
girl basically we did people at Trader
Joe's do everything you stock the
shelves you bring in orders you like
that I loved it
why I felt physically useful I see so
there was immediate reward there yeah
immediate reward I
loved the appreciation from the
customers and I loved meeting interest
to people because if you go to Trader
Joe's you're always talking to people
like the joke with Trader Joe's is that
is the is the cashier flirting with you
or not you go there to have social hour
and I loved that aspect of it I loved
meeting new people I loved feeling like
I had a purpose every single day in a
very acting in Hollywood is very
sporadic yes and you can be working on a
series you know be a series regular and
then they cancel the show you have no
work or you might not work for yeah and
I am a
very I'm pretty habitual and I like
knowing ex everyone is that's good not
crazy well my suspicions are you're
probably far less that way than most
people yeah well because you take all
sorts of risks and you able to tolerate
you know a very Dynamic life it's like
people are creatures of habit like you
can't possibly imagine and they go crazy
way faster than you think if they habits
are disrupted it's really hard on people
we're pack animals MH right we like an
orderly social environment we like a
high degree of predictability and we
like the same things at least a fair
number of the same things happening on a
regular and predictable daily schedule
you know weekly monthly all of that
otherwise the threads start to show yeah
you think it was because I was
experiencing such an
extreme high and low cuz you are right
because I do take risks I have been in
very unconventional situations my whole
life so I wonder I also think it might
have been a again going back to family
it was so turbulent it was so up and
down but I think I I just needed some
kind I had no structure there is
absolutely no reason whatsoever to have
to formulate a rationale for wanting
some habitual predictability yeah right
people they cannot function without that
right mhm people think of anxiety as
something inside their head that's not
right you're anxious when everything
around you is coming apart and so the
anxiety is a reflection of that now you
can find yourself in situations where
your physiological state or your
psychological State makes you overreact
to uncertainty in the environment but
generally for example when someone
develops major depressive disorder it's
in the aftermath of something truly
awful yes like they just don't fall
apart for no reason now having been
broken once they may be more susceptible
to being broken again in the future but
it's not exactly a psychological problem
and anxiety is not a psychological
problem it's a navigation problem and
you know you had uh complicated and
mutable home life and your career was
very complex and multi-dimensional the
fact that you found a job that had this
level of predictability
and found that what would you say that
offered you a certain degree of security
that requires no explanation whatsoever
yeah yeah well I loved it this is a good
thing to know about kids too like you
you want to routinize your
children right they get up at the same
time they eat at the same time they get
read to at night at the same time like
they need these little islands of
stability then they can use those
islands of stability as places to
explore from but if they're in chaos all
the time if you put your children in
chaos all the time they will torture you
to death and you deserve it for not
setting them up with these predictable
daily routines that's how they organize
their those are the islands it's like at
the beginning of time when the the the
the the Earth emerges from the
primordial Waters as these islands of
stability that's what now allows people
to plant their flag in the ground and to
establish themselves it's a very good
thing to know too about marriage is that
you need routines and rituals they have
to repeat because otherwise you don't
know which way is up yeah yeah all right
so tell me how you got involved with the
daily wire finally we'll make it there
um during Co I
was I got involved in
conservative media I would say in Los
Angeles I lost a lot of friends at UCLA
because of my political beliefs I felt
incredibly isolated not just
from friends but campus life in general
what conservative beliefs like what was
it you know first of all one of the
things I really have observed about the
left and I do not believe that this is
true of classic liberals or
conservatives the left especially the
radical types they will drop you in a
moment if you say or do anything that's
out of that ideological SN and that is
not equally true of people corre on the
liberal or the right side so the Le they
will cancel and exclude that's part of
the entanglement of the radical left
with cluster B Psychopathology with
narcissism with psychopathy with
Borderline Personality Disorder with
antisocial Behavior like that's all
Behavior that's associated with social
exclusion it's very very aggressive like
it's passive aggressive because it
doesn't involve fists but social
exclusion is a very effective form of
punishment and the radicals on the left
are Masters at using it so what sort of
views were you being uh I was not
alienated yourself
with so the first one was that I did not
want to vote for Biden in the primaries
it was going to be my first time voting
in a presidential election group of
friends I was and how old were you 18 so
like you were the one 18-year-old
female and I I walked into it's my
favorite story from college I walked
into a party at one of my best friend's
Apartments big rer happening and this is
after I just had like a I wouldn't even
call it a fight it was just kind of like
a a reckoning in my friend group of they
realized that I was not on their team
and I had never considered myself
Republican I never considered myself I
just didn't even think about it my
family right so you weren't political up
to no I was not my my family was always
more on the right my mom studied under
Ein Rand she was a Libertarian my oldest
brother who was one of the most
important people in my life incredibly
incredibly Libertarians libertarian as
you can get and my mom raised us based
on values instead of politics she didn't
talk about politics she didn't talk
about current events but she talked
about personal responsibility she talked
about accountability one of the greatest
things that she taught me sort of what
you touched on when you were talking
about anxiety being you know the mirror
and something that's external is that
you can only control your response to
the circumstances in your life um again
that you are in control she valued
freedom and Independence um and then the
more political stuff was fiscal
responsibility but we didn't even talk
about that in terms of politics it was
just
you know we would sort of touch on
taxation in my H school you know civics
class so your mother really helped you
with the understanding that you had some
choices to make in your life and that
you could make them well and then you
emancipated yourself so that I sure made
my choice yeah Independence um and this
all really came to a head as covid was
taking off um did you finish your degree
at UCLA I did oh congratulations good
for you you you stuck it out I did I did
even though you took online courses mhm
I did um were any of your online courses
worth
taking yeah they were what percentage of
them do you
think oh gosh
um 60% but I I'm I'm a major English Lit
nerve like I loved English lit all
throughout High School since the fifth
grade I knew that I wanted to be an
English major because I just again I
love stories I love stories I love
understanding The Human Condition
through stories and I wanted to I wanted
to study British literature and so I did
it I did my final Capstone on Barnaby
rudge by Charles stickens and I've just
I mean I was obsessed and so a lot of
the classes
I I made it through just because I
number one I already knew my values I
had a great Foundation I wasn't easily
deterred and I cared more about stories
and I did have a few good professors um
actually the best and most common sense
driven Professor I ever had was at
Berkeley because I did a business
program at Berkeley's grad school and
she was the most
right-wing common sensical at Berkeley
at Berkeley's grad school at the High
School of Business oh okay well you
might find someone like that hiding in
the business school and um and she was
fantastic how did you how did your
professors respond to your essays and so
forth at UCA I the worst case of this
was actually in um my first semester at
UCLA so just a little bit of context so
you know I know we keep getting off of
the daily thing but you'll find this
interesting you'll find this interesting
um I did Community College for the first
two years so I didn't go to university
for all four and I think that was also a
very important thing yeah right right
right I believe that I got a better
person at Community yeah I went to
Community College for the first two
years too and I got the best education
in my life at Community College my
professors actually cared about teaching
yeah and I had a personal relationship
with them I loved them yeah because they
were willing small classes yes and they
wanted to be there because of the
students and because they loved the
subject not because they got the
notoriety of being at UCLA or because
they got
the the resources for their research or
the book that they were writing um and I
think that I was much better off for it
I would I would recommend it to anyone I
saved so much money I think I got my
full bachelor's for under
$20,000 yeah because of that um I got to
explore so many subjects that I would
have never gotten to expl you were still
able to concentrate on the literature
actually literature right um so I
studied that then came to UCLA the my
first semester at UCLA I had to take one
of those intersectional literature
classes which actually since my leaving
UCLA they have I believe adapted their
English literature department where now
it is less about the Miltons and the
Shakespeare and the bres and it's more
about feminism through the you know
Bronte through the lens of feminism
through what so wonderful at that when I
was there you had to do Bronte through
the lens of resentful bitterness yes
there you go
that's or Mak it even more enjoyable
professors are morally Superior to all
the great artists of the past exactly
that's basically but when I was there
you only had to do one of those and it
changed after I left I'm I'm just I
think I got there the perfect time and
so my first semester I did that class
and it was race religion sexuality and
Asian-American literature and it was the
one intersectional class available that
semester and I just thought let me just
get it out of the way and my final paper
I don't remember what the book was but
it was the story of a man who had
immigrated here
um possibly from Taiwan I believe and
told his story of assimilating into
American culture the struggle of being
an immigrant alleged racism he was also
gay and was dealing with that
and what my
professor came her conclusion from this
novel was that he had faced racism and
that was the he had endured racism and
that was why he had all of these mental
health struggles and the character was
incredibly flawed you know incredibly
depressed was just a terrible human
being and the thing that she did not
bring up or did not touch was that he
was sexually assaulted halfway through
the book and that's when all the
behavior started so my take on it was I
I argued that it was not necessarily
racism I said I'm sure that he
experienced some you know immigrating to
America in the 70s however all of this
Behavior started after he was sexually
assaulted and then he became depressed
he was mentally ill where could you
possibly go in the world that would be
least less racist than California 1970s
yeah right oh my God and and so that was
my argument and I we had to give her our
thesis statement prior to writing the
essay and signed off on it she said
sounds so interesting we had to go
around the class read it out loud people
would give notes on it that's really
interesting when I got my
paperb I think I got a D
and I had never that was the first time
that I had not gotten this sound so
pompous I had never gotten anything
other than an A on a paper before I was
a 4.0 student um I gotten a you know a B
in my entry level statistics class my
first year of Community College other
than that straight A I was crushed
absolutely crushed and in the margins
she had written I fundamentally disagree
with your thesis and then all of her
notes were she had a about the way that
I had structured it but they were that
your take on this novel is fundamentally
wrong MH which how was a thing for a
post is to say shattered my worldview
about English literature and about the
higher education system I was just like
okay well I'm in for a treat for the
next you know two years of my life and
after that I was able to skate by I did
not do any more of those intersectional
classes my schedule I would give I would
make myself wake up I lived off campus I
would make myself wake up at 5:00 a.m.
to beat the traffic to take a 8:00 a.m.
class all the way across conservative
value yeah get waking up in the morning
um to avoid doing classes like that why
I would only do Milton from this year to
this year I would only Dickens it was
very very author focused and that was
took a very proactive uh strategy yeah
okay go it and because of that I loved
it right well look one of one of the
ways that it one of the things you have
to do to be successful at University is
to take an active role complely finding
the professors and finding the courses
you have
to you have to search them out and once
you have a good professor you need to
stick with them and but you have to
discover them you have to explore and
job opportunities on top of that I think
one thing that I've been ex just
witnessing as I saw some friends that
are graduating from
college is that they are not being set
up for Career Success whatsoever there's
no push for internships there's no push
for work I in that friend group where I
got hit in the head I don't think I
finished that story but I was hit in the
head with a Communist Manifesto at a
party oh yeah hit in the head like
literally yeah when I walked into this
party I know that was after my I'm not
going to vote for Biden yeah popped in
the head um th chucked at my face many
people have been hit in the head by The
Communist Manifesto I'm proud of it
yeah um where was I going with this oh
but in that friend group I was the only
one who had a job uh not just a Trader
Joe's job they did not have internships
in their junior year end like their
third quarter junior year they got their
first internship I had had an internship
every single semester I was working I
took that proactive stance right um and
colleges do not encourage it parents
aren't encouraging it and so kids are
going into this four-year environment
thinking you know I'm going to go in you
know $80,000 into debt I me you talk
about it on Twitter all the time and on
your show that you know then you're
popped out into the world you're in debt
you have a meaningless degree and you
have no job opportunity because yeah and
my generation is entering the workforce
later than any other generation ever has
before MH it's just shocking so yes you
do if you are going to go to college and
I still am a lover of the liberal arts I
still do love University I love that I
went I love the things that I learned I
love the essays that I wrote um I'm such
a nerd I you know I had my transcript up
on the wall because I was so proud of it
in high school like I just I truly love
it but you have to be incredibly
proactive it's not something that you
can just passively skate through if you
want to you know the marrow of it all
right so let's talk about your current
projects let's start with the podcast
how did that set itself up I was doing
social media for a couple of different
political organizations Young Americans
for liberty liberty prageru in Los
Angeles which is where I really found
community in the midst of Co and BLM and
losing a lot of friends at UCLA and
foundation for economic education how
did you run across prager's group they
have an incredible student group called
Prager force and that at UCLA no just
generally yes I see and it's a online
group and they have a Facebook group and
they have um webinars that you can join
and I was I think if you would asked me
a year prior I would have been like I
don't need that I don't want to go join
like a zoom call with a bunch of you
know like minded individuals or whatever
because I didn't think I needed it but I
was so alienated the world was shut down
I was living in California there was
nothing I could do I felt so alone and I
was becoming more and more political by
the day becoming much more aware of the
world around me current events my value
vales were transforming into something
that was very tangible around me and I
joined Prager Force I got to know other
young people around the country around
the world that had similar values and I
got to know the people at prageru they
knew that I was an actor they're also
based in Los Angeles and they invited me
into their offices and some we like to
make videos for us it's like yes I have
nothing else to do Hollywood is shut
down I'm bored out of my mind I want to
do something that's
meaningful um and then I jumped from
that to writing um I did some economic
journalism at foundation for economic
education and did social media for them
as well jumped to Young Americans for
Liberty running their Tik Tok and
Instagram accounts oh yeah oh yeah and
um and so I had a a growing I wouldn't
say big because it's where compared to
where I am now but I had a growing
Instagram presence just through Tik toks
and reals all short form and then I woke
up one day and saw a DM from daily wire
and they said hey we've been loving your
content on Instagram would you want that
was what year that was 2021 2021 okay so
it's three years ago now yeah yeah okay
so you got a DM from who uh he was a
producer at Daily wi I see and she was
like the social media video producer and
she had been tasked with finding a
couple of people that were doing well on
social media young people and because
they uh a member of their team who
worked on the YouTube channels he had
the idea that we needed a YouTube show
and he was these were all people that
were around my age and it was very very
cool and I think a lot of people people
look at my show and people that have
critiqued me before and they imagine you
know Jeremy boring sitting in his glass
office being like I need to get the
youth like I what it was all this was
like I'm going to create something for
the young people it was all people my
age they were sitting in the daily wire
offices saying we need content for us we
want something that we will watch that
we relate to that is based on YouTube
that's based on the internet and so they
tasked this video producer with finding
some people that were already out in the
world to doing that so I got a DM and
they said would you be interested in
launching a show with
us as your business grows the workload
can become overwhelming task that used
to take a day now take a week if you're
feeling this strain netsuite is here to
provide relief 37,000 businesses have
upgraded to netsuite by Oracle netsuite
is the number one Cloud Financial system
streamlining accounting financial
management inventory HR and much more
for 25 years netsuite has been helping
businesses do more with less close their
books in days not weeks and drive down
costs recognizing that every business is
unique netsuite offers a tailored
solution that aligns with your specific
key performance indicators all in one
efficient system with a single source of
truth netsuite will help you manage
risks get reliable forecasts and improve
margins with netsuite you have
everything you need to grow all in one
place right now download netsuite's
popular kpi checklist designed to give
you consistently excellent performance
for absolutely free at netsuite.com jbp
that's netsuite.com jbp to get your own
key performance indicator checklist
again that's netsuite.com
jbp well they say you know it takes 10
years to become an overnight success and
you certainly put in your 10 years and
you said you'd accumulated all the
social media experience and you'd said
yes to a lot of things you said yes to
Prager you said yes to uh Young
Americans for Liberty Etc you were and
finally I almost said no to D wire uhuh
I I was too scared because it felt like
the big leagues like I had looked at
Daily wire I had applied for I had
applied to be Candace's assistant this
was all during my graduating year like
that spring I had applied to be cace's
assistant I had applied to be a producer
on Ben show I had applied for some
social media role I just I and then you
got a bigger offer I got a bigger offer
and I got I got no interviews for any of
those roles and granted I was not really
qualified for any of them and I I could
have so what scared you about the daily
wire offer it felt huge I felt like I
wasn't ready and I also think weren I no
and you know that's the good thing you
just you know jump
yeah well that's the thing you know when
you make a status transition if it's a
major
transition you can't be ready when it
first happens this is partly why faith
is necessary in life hey
because when you make a major transition
first of all you don't know what you're
in for you have no idea like maybe it'll
work and maybe it won't but the evidence
isn't there you know and then the next
thing is well you don't necessarily know
that you can do it why well you have
haven't done it it's a new thing well so
how else can you move forward in a
situation like that except in faith you
know and you said your mother helped you
with this but that you had already
learned that you could take tasks upon
yourself and grow into them right and so
you said even though even though you had
done a lot of that that the daily wire
offer intimidated you what was the offer
exactly was it to start your own YouTube
channel yes it was to start the show
okay and and how was that outlined like
a number of times a week a full like the
full-fledged it was not even so I I
turned it down even before any of that I
and obviously didn't fully turn it down
but I didn't even want to send in an
audition tape at first because they
wanted me they knew that I had done
short form videos and they said could
you here's a couple of things that are
going on in the world right now could
you do a longer form reaction to this
and just you know talk off the top of
your head give your tap on culture yes
mhm and I got so scared and I didn't
even want to send in a tape and I think
it was because I was out of practice
taking risks for 10 years in Hollywood I
would audition four to five times a week
I was told no 99% of the time and you
have to be okay with that I would take
huge risks I you know moved across the
country writing a letter to that's why
kids have to be allowed to fail that's
why they have to lose in competitions
they have to learn I lost a lot well
well the thing is you know you you
skipped over something there and you
said you know when you went to all these
auditions you've been successful but
your your success rate was like
1% right well that's a lot of failure
and most and most occupations are like
that most like a job search is like that
yes right if you do a comprehensive job
search the probability that you'll get
rejected for any given position is like
above 90% yeah and so if you're not
accustomed to that well what are you
going to do you don't you think that you
think the world is against you when the
situation is actually that moving
forward productively is rather unlikely
and the default answer is generally no
most jobs that are advertised for
example don't even exist they have an
internal candidate so you're not going
to get that job that's posted for like
technical reasons so they're going to
say no to you it has nothing to do with
you it has to do with base rate of
rejection yes right the base rate of
rejection in the world is very very high
but it's not 100% right so you keep on
plugging away and you have to be
resilient enough to do that okay so how
did you change your mind my mom yelled
at me oh good good she did yeah um and
she said you were being an idiot and she
said I don't care if you don't get this
I don't care if you don't actually take
the job later on but you are shooting
yourself in the foot this opportunity
does you know it's a Once in a-lifetime
opportunity and she said you've been
trying to get in with the daily wire I
had already seen what was talking about
with what he wanted to do with creating
a parallel to Hollywood all of it I was
completely bought in I watched Matt and
Michael constantly they had just brought
on Candace I was just like I these are
my people and I felt like I could learn
a lot from them but then when this
opportunity came around that was so big
I went oh no no no no I teach you to ask
for it yeah and no she yelled at me and
I did it and it all and I also think
what you were saying about humans
needing routine and habit for my entire
life like we've already outlined it's
been up and down tumultuous for the
first time at this point in my life I
had normal s and structure and my mom
had just bought a farm and I was living
five minutes away from her I was working
as a waitress at a really nice
restaurant and I was doing these social
media jobs I had gotten into law school
I withdrew from law school because I
decided I'm there's no reason for me to
be a lawar I should not be a lawyer but
I was going to I was wanting to plant
down Roots where I was and I where were
you living I was in boy Idaho this is a
whole we don't need to spend that going
that but yes and I thought this is where
I just want to be I want to find a nice
guy I want to get married I want to work
in marketing I want to be near my mom
and I had bought two horses that were on
her Farm I just want to live this is
just normal and it's safe and I think
for the first time it was just so
comfortable and I didn't want to I
didn't want to ruin that and she said
this is not the time to be afraid this
is not the time to be risk averse this
is what you've been working for for 10
years and you get to be you know it's
it's very common I see this I saw this a
lot when I was working with people
M people say no to what they want yeah
right and they do that in micro ways
right and then they do it now and then
in major ways and then the opportunities
dry up they do and they think why are
there no opportunities coming my way
it's like you have to say you have to be
prepared for a lot of failure and you
have to say yes
enthusiastically whenever an opportunity
makes itself present and then they
multiply but boy it it's it's partly too
because people actually they don't have
faith that it's okay if good things
happen to them right they don't feel
that they're worthy of it and so you
know and sometimes that's understandable
it's not surprising that you were
nervous about having to move from making
short form content that's was it
scripted the short form cont no okay so
at least you had that I still had that
and it and it was a physical move across
the country it was leaving my mother who
had in my rock through this entire
career obviously my entire childhood
moving across the country within two
weeks right to as I to to Nashville to
Nashville yeah yeah and again just work
in the big leagues like I I I mean I
walked in and just you know Matt Walsh
walks by and I'm like you know this is
somebody who I've looked up to um it was
incredibly intimidating I'm so I'm
so glad that I do when I think about it
too much it it just makes me want to cry
because interesting in L and I was
talked about this on a live stream at my
wedding just a couple of weeks ago one
of my bridesmaids gave a speech and
she's been my friend for 11 years or so
we were 15 we were at Disneyland and she
remembers a specific conversation where
I said there's three things that I want
in my life I want to be married I want
to have a farm and I want to be
successful at whatever I'm doing I want
to have a successful career and at that
time I thought that it was going to be
you know a producer Reese Witherspoon
esque running some kind of production
company like that and so she stood up at
our rehearsal dinner
and she said you have just bought a farm
I just bought you know 60 Acres or
something like that and I
um and you're now getting married
tomorrow to an incredible man and you
are
successful and I think about if I had
not taken that risk I might have I might
have had the farm my mom had a farm a
few minutes away it wouldn't have been
mine it would have taken a long time to
do that I might have married a really
nice guy but it would not have been Alex
who I adore I just think he worship the
ground he walks on he's incredible and I
would not have this career now that is
so perfectly harmonious with everything
that I loved about Hollywood I loved
telling stories I loved being on camera
I loved reaching people through
media while also being true to myself
and not compromising my values it is
perfectly harmonious so your channel
grew like mad crazy yeah yeah had a
million subscribers in five months right
and you're up to about 4 4.3 something
like that now on YouTube two years right
right right so obviously you could do it
yeah right right so that's well so
that's extremely interesting and I will
say and it wasn't I think that we found
an
important Niche and but I also do
believe as you said I did put in the
time yeah yeah I had 10 years and so I
think it's a combination of that and I
all will often discredit preparation and
opportunity like they have to m m then
and then you have to strike when the
iron is hot right I mean timing is
crucial and you had this opportunity and
you did take it what are you doing why
is what you're doing working and why did
it start working so quickly what do you
think like you're very upbeat you're
very enthusiastic you're you so you've
got the Charisma that goes along with
that what why don't you characterize a
typical show and and why don't you walk
me through why you think it
works I think it works because
like you said I do approach things with
a positive attitude I think a lot of
content online right now is
incredibly angry especially things that
are you know I don't want to just say
political but also cultural cultural
commentary it's very angry it's very
intense yeah and with my personality I
think I have been able and my sense of
humor and my levity and the fact that I
you know I take myself my work very
seriously but but you know I I can laugh
at anything I think that if you're not
laughing about something you're crying
about it so you might as well Find humor
and I think that humor is an incredibly
important way to reach people I think
that is something that my show does
really really well and it's the kind of
show that I would want to watch and kind
of like I said at the beginning when we
sat down this is something I did not
have I knew that this needed to exist
because I would look around and I like
I've said like you know I watched your
YouTube videos I would watch um Michael
I would watch Ben debate you know I have
you know his um his line about you know
in that debate I don't remember where it
was might have been UC Santa Barbara or
something where you know that kid said
um well how do you know that girls can't
be in Boy Scouts he's like it's in the
name like I I watched all of those I was
constantly consuming that I didn't see
myself represented and it's weird for me
to say that because I will often
critique Hollywood always saying you
need to be represented you need to be
represented but in this case I do
believe that it was important because I
did not see well that you occupied that
look there's two ways of looking at that
you can whine and complain about the
victimization or you can see that that's
a market opportunity because the N
hasn't been filled right well the social
media landscape is pretty new it's not
surprising that all the niches aren't
filled yeah and so you filled and this
is why I compared you a bit to Candice
earlier is that you filled a relatively
rare Niche which is young female
conservative commentators right who are
entertaining right and engaging well you
know that that's a lot of combinations
of that's a lot of rare traits combined
and I also think on more on the right
whether you're a Libertarian or
conservative or classical liberal the
women that I saw were either and this is
not talking down to any of them
whatsoever it just wasn't me I either
saw you know the Trump intern type girls
and their pencil skirts the DC you know
politicos right or I saw you know the
hunter creative conservative those are
very rare creatures I saw like the
outdoorsy Hunters I think that they're
amazing but that wasn't like I I was in
a
weird box where I just felt like I'm a
normal I'm a normal girl and why why do
I not have anybody to watch that sharing
my values that has a take on things that
I can relate to that I feel like I'm I
don't like I'm not crazy for the things
that I believe and so I think that is
one of the primary reasons why it just
took off immediately because young
people well you hit you hit the target I
did right there was a gap there and yeah
yeah and I think you know again the
humor and my personality and I I really
I care about it and I care about my
audience a lot I I like genuinely care
about them I genuinely want to make good
content for them um when I meet them and
yeah that's really important it is and I
because I see myself in them and I still
do I don't look at them as like oh you
were me a few years ago like I am
creating things that if I wasn't doing
this I would want to be watching and I
would want somebody to care about me
how's the daily wire being to work with
in that regard incredible yeah I've had
the same experience yeah they there's
two things they do for me MH the first
is they leave me the hell alone yeah
well the thing is if you hire
someone who's on a journey let's say a
creative journey and you box them in
yeah then that's the end of them right I
struggled with this continually at the
University as it degenerated because I
love my job I love doing research I love
being a professor I very much enjoyed
being a clinician but I wanted to be
left alone so I could do it at minimum
at minimum just don't
get in my way when I'm doing the job you
hired me to do like that's the minimum
requirement there's another requirement
too which is well how about I bring you
a creative idea and you jump on board
and one of the things that's really
characterized my relationship with the
daily wire is that they've said yes to
Preposterous projects and like right
away and back them they did that with
the Exodus seminar I did which is very
high-risk a very high-risk project we
did a gospel seminar and a western
civilization project these were complex
projects they whipped them up very
quickly very very quickly it was
stunning and they not only did they
Greenlight them almost immediately and
then we went ahead with them right away
but they also edited them extremely
professionally produced them extremely
professionally and did that all rapidly
too and enthusiastically so we're in a
fortunate position with that car because
we're in a growth phase of that
Enterprise and they're you know they're
they as far as I can tell not only do
they put their money where their mouth
is but the people there are fully and
enthusiastically and non-rent and
efficiently on board and so that's
that's very very helpful even when they
don't completely understand it they're
on board I mean just from the beginning
I sat in a meeting with Jeremy and Caleb
and the whole team and we pitched
comment section and we we had produced a
pilot and the marketing team and the
social media team was developing it they
brought me in I could have been fired at
any moment if they had not green Li the
show my job would have been a I had
nothing else to do not my show would
have been next I would have been next
sat in this meeting with Jeremy we
played the pilot and he got through we
watched all three you know looking back
on it it's terrible terrible pilot but
he looked over at me he was silent in
his normal Jeremy way contemplating
things and looked at me and he said I
don't understand this show but I know
other people will and I think you know
he was willing to take that risk on me I
would when they hired me I was 19 years
old right yeah I just graduated college
oh it's no wonder you were nervous you
should be nervous nervous yes u i was 19
they were giving me you know all I
wouldn't say they were giving me a
platform they were helping me with a
platform but we were starting with zero
they gave me resources an incredible
team yeah um and they took a chance yeah
definitely and even when Jeremy watched
it he said I this show is not for me
like I don't get the memes I don't
understand the Tik toks that you're
talking about the lingo you're using but
I know it's important because I know he
confidence to to allow people to
generate autonomous projects yeah yeah
which is also the Hallmark of a
confident and creative manager and also
something that makes that that
group a pleasure to work with like a
genuine pleasure to work with let's talk
about your other projects as well so um
we're circling back into Hollywood four
years later okay so you have you have um
Mr burum yes depend Dragon cycle and
Snow White and the evil queen right so
is that a good order to discuss them in
they are yes so let's start with Mr Mr
Bertram is coming out very soon and what
is that Mr beram is an animated
comedy here's a look at the trailer for
Mr
burum when I was a kid men were men now
everyone's wrapped up in fiing real men
stuff feelings down with red meat
cigarettes and violence
you and the geriatric Girl Scouts will
be bassed out in an hour burum bur Mr
bur b b Richard buram let the record
show him a dick watch Mr burum an all
neww animated series from daily wire
plus now
streaming it is inspired by a character
that Adam Cora has been doing on his
radio show for years he's a this a
series a TV series TV series yeah um it
is you know he is a cogy shop teacher
that is like wood shop teacher in
schools who is incredibly traditional
incredibly you know everything he does
is tangible it is about as traditional
as you can get working with you know
tools and wood and he's watching as the
world just changes around him as things
get more technologically advanced as the
world gets more Progressive as the
school is trying to push him out yeah um
saying your job is not as important and
so it follows his and what role do you
play daughter I see I see and and what
what's the character of his daughter uh
she's incredibly it actually reminds me
a lot of myself she's incredibly
precocious um very smart very close with
her father
um and who's who's the target market for
it I think the target market is people
that have felt abandoned by comedy who
watch you know animated TV shows who
adult is it an adult Ser adult adult
series adult okay um and who are wanting
comedy that
is
truthful that is not afraid to pull
punches um that I think that the common
man will relate to it has some sat I
wouldn't say that it is satire but it
has many satirical elements to it it's
the writing is incredible they brought
me on and I didn't really know what to
expect and I had done voiceover a lot um
but had not done it in a few years and
that's always interesting because it you
you know I we recorded this whole series
I play a very significant role in it
have not met met Adam yet I have not you
know Megan Kelly plays my mother in it
yeah I have never met Megan yet uh I'm
meeting her next week for the first time
but you record all of this complet
powerful force she is yeah yeah and
she's done she's done extremely well on
her own yeah yeah so you know two thumbs
up for her yes yeah we brought her in
for that and um but you record it all
remote and so I only got to see bits and
pieces of it I knew that the scripts
were fantastic and then I started to
sort of see the when does it launch um
it launches this month oh it does yeah
okay and that's on the daily wire
that'll be on daily wire okay let's talk
about the pen Dragon cycle yes so I
that's a huge Enterprise for daily wire
they poured a tremendous amount of
resources into it it's the biggest swing
we've ever taken yeah yeah Jeremy ever
so walk through it I talked to Jeremy a
bit about it on my podcast but let's
hear it from your perspective so pen
Dragon cycle and I'm sure Jeremy told
you this it is his favorite book series
yeah from the beginning I mean he has
wanted to create this TV show for 30
plus years this is something he's
thought about dreamed about has
physically written scripts for and it
was finally the time when we had the
resources it was the cultural moment he
was able to step away to direct a
majority of it he was the showrunner he
produced it he wrote a significant
portion of it um This truly is
his I mean I can't speak for him but in
speaking with him while we were there
and seeing him work this is probably the
most important thing that he's ever done
MH and we went to Hungary I was there
for 5 months he was there for seven
months and I was the were you recording
your podcast during that well yeah yeah
yeah so we um I was the only daily wire
host that is in the show what role did
you play um I play Merlin's wife so it
is an auan Legacy the tale of um and and
it follows the rise of Christianity
through the lens of an aruan like not
speaking right not legacy um and so I
play Marlin's wife and she is she a good
wife or very she's a very good wife
she's a good she's a good character she
is yes she's a very very fun character
to play she is she has a really
beautiful balance of being incredibly
strong but also being very feminine and
very empathetic and very sympathetic for
um to or's very unique
experiences um and it was it was just a
very very fun character to play and I
saw a lot of myself and her I got to do
stunts that I've never done before
um it was amazing it was fantastic it
was a lot it was very very hard work
because how long did you do it for five
months so right and how many how many
hours were were fil you know for the for
the final series any idea what's going
to come out of it I have no idea yet and
I know that they'll probably like
they'll have a first edit and then
they'll cut it down kind ofu have you
seen any of the edits I haven't yet
jerem protected and when is it supposed
to be when is that supposed to launch
I'm not sure yet okay yeah uh they're in
full postproduction now I think that
there is already a first round of edits
that is finished and now they're we have
so much VFX that um that is going to go
into this so many VFX um there's just a
lot of post-production that has to be
done but the very cool thing is even
though we are using some VFX we did 90%
of everything that you will see on the
screen practically we physically did it
all there was a
the series starts with an incredible
sequence with Spanish Bull leapers and
they were physically jumping over these
blls one of my best friends who played
the lead in pend Dragon Rose Reed she
was in the arena with these Bulls she
trained for months to be able to look
like one of these bull leapers she was
having to navigate around the Bulls I
was on Horseback with a spear jumping
over streams you know chasing a boar um
we were physically fighting if there was
an explosion that you see on screen we
felt the fire there's a scene where I'm
you know running through putting out a
fire I was basically you covered in fire
protection which is like a goop that you
put on so that you can't be set on fire
running through fire as people were
being fully set on fire on it was
absolutely incredible there
was I mean they did not hold back good
thing you said yes to the Daily we
kidding and it's also it's very special
because it's very full circle because I
get to go back back and do what I love
more than anything which tell stories
but I get to do it with people who I
love and Trust who I know are not
exploiting me as a child actor who share
my values and are genuinely creating
content for the betterment of other
people right well that's a good deal it
is because I I would read scripts that I
would be sent in Hollywood and I would I
would look at it I say I I don't want to
watch this like these are terrible
characters they're sharing terrible
messages I don't even want to to be a
vessel through which this gets out to
the public right right and I knew that
it again and you had you didn't have
that feeling with the pen Dragon it's an
incredible story I haven't had that
feeling with anything that I've done
with say I think Mr burum is incredible
I can stand by behind that completely
the pen Dragon cycle is a perfect mix of
something that is Meaningful in terms of
its values and what it promotes and the
values of the characters that you will
fall in love with while also being
something that is beautiful and that
people objectively can enjoy you're not
going to sit down and say oh I'm
watching you know I'm watching a
Christian TV show you're going to enjoy
it because it actually is very good but
you can know that the people who made it
the hours that were put in I mean Jeremy
barely slept for seven months but I've
also never seen him happier because this
was yeah I
gained massive respect for him watching
this take place um and he did it
masterfully and so you can feel good
watching that and it's incredible being
an actor in that environment and being a
vessel because you really are a vessel
you go there you
stand and you mold yourself to the
character and you lose a lot of yourself
in doing that if you hate the project
and if you hate the character you're
playing but if you're able to love the
character if you're able to love the
production and the story you're telling
it makes it so much more meaningful and
you feel like you're actually part of
something that can impact audiences can
impact the culture in a really important
way um so let's talk about let's close
with snow and the evil queen so you were
picked to play Snow White yes
yeah once upon a
[Music]
time in time a prince would
come once upon a time but now that time
time is
[Music]
gone so we announced it when we
announced bent key which is our
Children's Division and I think a lot of
people assume that we had already filmed
the movie when we we released the
trailer it was very backwards we did not
do that I was we were we were maybe a
week into filming pen dragon and I get a
text from Jeremy he just goes where are
you like I'm at my apartment and he says
I need you to meet me at the prey can
you be here in five minutes and that was
maybe an8 minute walk like yes so if you
D me ask anything you say yes I'll be
there um Sprint out of the apartment I
get to the lobby of the pre I sit down
and he
says we want to do something that could
be it might be impossible and this was
at the time that every it was during the
SAG strike but everything was going
viral about Disney Snow White Everything
Disney perversion of the social order
and the demolition of the narrative what
of the traditional narrative let's just
rewrite this be great every time oh yeah
yeah we'll we'll improve it yeah yeah
these so secret gay agenda um and so
that was in the middle of all of this
happening and I had obviously been
following it I had done episodes about
it no the gay agenda is a mask it's just
a destructive agenda it is it's just a
de it's a demolition agenda with all
Traditional Values we're pro inclusion
that's the mask that's the mask that's
so that if you attack it you sound like
a bigot yeah then you can it's their
their wall yeah no no we're just
bringing in the marginalized it's like
yeah wait till you invite the real
monsters out from underneath the Rocks
you and you bringing in the marginalized
we're starting to see that happen
already yeah yeah the maps the
maps oh no there's worse monsters than
them right no no no no matter how bad
there's no limit to what people are
capable of doing right and so as you see
one extreme emerge you can be absolutely
100% sure that that new margin has a
multiplicity of more extreme margins on
its fridge and there's no end to that
well the end is that everything
collapses that's that's how this has
happened historically yes so okay so
Snow White where where are you where
where where are you with this project we
are in pre-production you went to see
Jeremy and he oh yes so I went to see
Jeremy and this was as everything with
Snow White was happening and people were
very disappointed very upset about the
way that Disney was rolling out this
project um the way that they were they
pick such a fun actress
too it was um and you know I I'm you've
now heard me speak for I don't know how
many hours we've been talking but about
my love of literature and stories and I
grew up reading classic literature I
grew up reading the traditional stories
I grew up reading Grims and I love the
stories underneath these fairy tales and
so as somebody who is more traditional
and has a love and appreciation for
stories it's very it's sad to watch
these stories be completely destructed
for that agenda and so I had been
watching this and commenting on it and
so Jeremy brings me in say luckily that
luckily they fail they do because
they're dull and and preachy and and
obvious and transgressive in the in the
in the Casual manner not in the creative
manner right um yeah Jeremy said we want
to do the impossible and we want to we
want to do our own Snow White and we
want to do it in line with the values
with which It Was Written we want to
honor the story and we want you to play
Snow White and Jeremy had been watching
no audition well I think my audition had
been the first month of pen Dragon I
understand your audition um but I but he
hadn't even really seen me act before
that he had you know watched my TV shows
and that kind of thing but he really saw
me during pen Dragon uhhuh right right
and so this was about a month into pen
dragon or so and he said I'm going to
keep you updated working on a script and
at that time I think he had a very
ambitious goal because that's when so
might was still going to be released
right around this time he was like let's
try to film it during pen dragon and I
was like okay well we'll see how this
goes that did not happen and I'm very
glad that it didn't because I think we
will do the story
um justice justice yes with the the
right amount of time in the prep and we
got back
from no actually I'm skipping over the
story of how we uh created the trailer
but Jeremy started working on music and
he had this idea for the trailer knew
that we were going to be announcing the
roll out of beny and you know the
hundred episodes of children's content
that we had on the platform he wanted
Snow White and the evil queen to be the
first feature film that we do on beny
and so I got a
call probably at 4:00 and in the
afternoon and he said I want you to fly
to trento Italy tomorrow because that's
where we had been filming pen dragon
that week we jumped back and forth
between Italy and hungry I want you to
get on a plane and you're going to fly
out and we have a costume that's being
worked on for you um they're going to
finish it in the next six hours on the
plane with you and you're going to fly
out to trento drive you're fly into
Milan drive four hours up to trentino
wake up the next morning you're going to
come up onto a mountain another hour of
drive and then stand in this forest and
sing and jar was sending me oh gosh I
still have the recordings on my phone
one day I'll leak them to the public but
it's Jeremy on his on a piano app on his
phone and it's what you hear in the
trailer and he's singing it he has an
amazing voice and he's incredibly
musician and so he sent me the lyrics he
sent me the song and he said can you
have this ready by tomorrow I said sure
and this man he I have never had to sing
this high before and I'm a soprano but
I'm not that soprano I texted M Jeremy
was not going to you know I sound like
Tweety Bird and so we went back and
forth and he sent me one in a lower
octave I said this is much better and he
was all nervous he was going the breath
this sounds really low meanwhile I'm
thinking this is still really high um so
I get up to Italy we record it um we we
record it in the middle of shooting pen
Dragon so in the middle of a scene some
of my other pen Dragon cast is six feet
away and at this point they don't even
know we're doing so much because it has
not been announced to anyone Jeremy said
do not tell your mom do not tell Alex do
not tell anybody we have like three
people who know that this is happening
nobody can know so I'm sitting here in
this princess dress thinking this is
really not the Wardrobe that everybody
else is wearing they're going to know
I'm like huddled up literally hidden the
rest of the cast is over doing something
else Jeremy says hey we're going to film
a little commercial for a daily wire
thing that we have to do gets the crew
to turn around points the cameras on me
and we film this teaser and then I fly
back to Budapest and I keep going on
comment section and keep going on
Pendragon and then I wait to hear what
we're going to do with it and then it
launches with beny with a beny roll out
it's huge success and then I keep I just
sit and I wait I'm like all right Jeremy
when are we going to film this got back
to Nashville we wrapped pen Dragon it
was a raging success I truly think
people are going to love the series and
then we've now rolled into
pre-production for Snow White and evil
queen so I'm in voice lessons you know
three to four times a week I was
classically trained as a singer when I
was young but I moved more into pop when
I was older and have not sung seriously
in many years and so I'm retraining that
muscle
um I'm in dance classes every week it's
a musical um we're super excited about
it uh and that's what I can tell you and
there's a lot of people that I see
comments every single day and they're
like what can you tell us about X Y and
Z it's all coming soon um we'll be able
to share more soon but it is an
incredible adventure and it's just
always a joy and an honor to collaborate
with Jeremy specifically I mean he's
incredibly creative he takes incredible
risks I think I've
learned I I've learned even more about
risk-taking by working for him and
working with him that was one thing that
I felt incredibly comfortable with and
excited about when I came to Nashville
and I came to DA wire was I could not
have asked for better mentors in the
people that I'm surrounded with I mean I
again I told you I I got this Shob when
I was 19 and I walk into a room and I
was you know with Jeremy boring and
Dallas son who was one of the you know
greatest producers to come out of
Hollywood in recent years has just an
incredible story um Michael NS Matt
Walsh
Ben you know can I mean just you I mean
just the fact that I remember meeting
you when we were about to
announce that you were joining daily
wire and you were doing a photo shoot
and I was in my studio and I think you
would ask could I meet the YouTube girl
and I about just like fell out of my
chair
um but I'm I just could not have asked
for a better group of people and I you
know they encourage me I grow every
single day not just in my career but I
learned from all of you you know
emotionally and spiritually and in my
personal life and that's just an
incredible incredible gift typical
Hollywood
Story all right well look that's a good
place to stop this part of the
discussion I think what we'll do for
everyone watching and listening I think
what we'll do on the daily wi side is
talk about women sounds great y because
we haven't done that and marriage
because you're newly married and um the
well the conception the conception of
women in the modern world as it is and
perhaps how it might be um if it was
tilted in let's say a more conservative
Direction and what attraction there
might be in that and what obstacles
there are in the way of communicating
that to young women so that's what we'll
do for half an hour on the daily wire
side if you who are watching and
listening want to continue to join us
that also enables you to throw some
support um The Daily wire way which well
if you're happy with the state of the
world then there's not much point doing
that but if you think that things are a
little unstable and that some additional
voices on the side of something
approximating tradition and reason might
be useful well you know they're fighting
a pretty good they're putting up a
pretty good scrap and so uh and so also
to all of you who are watching and
listening thank you very much for your
time and attention it's always much
appreciated and hopefully never taken
for granted and to the film crew here in
um Scottdale Arizona which is where I am
today with Brett and Brett thank you
very much for coming in today to do this
it's a pleasure to talk to you you're
very entertaining character and uh
congratulations on having enough daring
to
uh to play the fool thank you yeah no
kidding well seriously yeah you know it
takes a lot of Daring to throw yourself
over the edge it's true yeah yeah happy
to be here y all right everyone
[Music]